This is the README file for the RefTeX distribution.

  Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
  are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
  notice and this notice are preserved.

RefTeX is a specialized package for support of labels, references,
citations, and the index in LaTeX.  RefTeX wraps itself round 4 LaTeX
macros: \label, \ref, \cite, and \index.  Using these macros usually
requires looking up different parts of the document and searching
through BibTeX database files.  RefTeX automates these time-consuming
tasks almost entirely.  It also provides functions to display the
structure of a document and to move around in this structure quickly.

RefTeX is part of Emacs (version 20.2 and later) and is distributed as
one of the XEmacs packages.  If you use an earlier version of Emacs,
this kit can be used to install RefTeX.

For installation instructions refer to the file INSTALL included in
the distribution.  Further documentation can be found in the manual of
RefTeX available after installation by typing the command `C-h i d m
reftex RET' from within Emacs.  The file INSTALL explains how to
generate the manual in other formats than info.

RefTeX was written by Carsten Dominik and others and is currently
maintained by the AUCTeX project.  Distribution files, source code,
and an online manual are accessible through the home page of RefTeX at
<URL:http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex/reftex.html>.

If you have questions about RefTeX, you can send email to
<auctex@gnu.org>.  If you want to contribute code or ideas, write to
<auctex-devel@gnu.org>.  And in the rare case of finding a bug, please
use `M-x reftex-report-bug RET' which will prepare a bug report with
useful information about your setup.  Remember to add essential
information like a recipe for reproducing the bug, what you expected
to happen, and what actually happened.  Send the bug report to
<bug-auctex@gnu.org>.

For copying conditions please refer to the file COPYING contained in
the distribution.
